Add current request context to get_url helper documentation (#638)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/instance_url.md

The different parameters of the method:

- `require_current_request`

>   Require the current URL to use, to match the URL the user is currently using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Require the returned URL to match the URL the user is currently using
```
